Printing Comparative Testing for Comparing Valid and InValid Port Test Results


Comparing results based on comparison between: 
OPTION 1: valid port
OPTION 2: invalid port


1: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:22246/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:22246/test1

2: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:30000/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:30000/test1

3: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:13417/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:13417/test1

4: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:64759/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:64759/test1

5: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:33078/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:33078/test1

6: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:18941/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:18941/test1

7: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:11964/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:11964/test1

8: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:32511/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:32511/test1

9: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:30780/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:30780/test1

10: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:6225/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:6225/test1

11: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:21273/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:21273/test1

12: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:23356/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:23356/test1

13: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:51422/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:51422/test1

14: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:40038/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:40038/test1

15: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:7002/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:7002/test1

16: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:41324/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:41324/test1

17: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:15948/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:15948/test1

18: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:44254/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:44254/test1

19: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:45593/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:45593/test1

20: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:8739/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:8739/test1

21: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:25768/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:25768/test1

22: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:15577/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:15577/test1

23: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:58427/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:58427/test1

24: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:4209/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:4209/test1

25: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:28585/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:28585/test1

26: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:53989/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:53989/test1

27: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:65352/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:65352/test1

28: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:3675/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:3675/test1

29: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:42002/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:42002/test1

30: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:16153/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:16153/test1

31: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:34476/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:34476/test1

32: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:14707/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:14707/test1

33: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:46218/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:46218/test1

34: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:47514/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:47514/test1

35: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:9166/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:9166/test1

36: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:20784/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:20784/test1

37: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:15129/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:15129/test1

38: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:50174/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:50174/test1

39: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:15078/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:15078/test1

40: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:38786/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:38786/test1

41: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:13308/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:13308/test1

42: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:20678/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:20678/test1

43: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:46149/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:46149/test1

44: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:8933/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:8933/test1

45: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:38583/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:38583/test1

46: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:49493/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:49493/test1

47: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:3328/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:3328/test1

48: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:21358/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:21358/test1

49: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:19210/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:19210/test1

50: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:44445/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:44445/test1

51: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:31890/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:31890/test1

52: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:29574/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:29574/test1

53: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:6139/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:6139/test1

54: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:57135/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:57135/test1

55: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:21922/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:21922/test1

56: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:51383/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:51383/test1

57: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:31286/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:31286/test1

58: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:29478/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:29478/test1

59: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:9314/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:9314/test1

60: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:5648/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:5648/test1

61: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:9578/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:9578/test1

62: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:53099/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:53099/test1

63: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:18700/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:18700/test1

64: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:55230/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:55230/test1

65: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:51372/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:51372/test1

66: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:10336/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:10336/test1

67: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:42883/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:42883/test1

68: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:40063/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:40063/test1

69: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:11723/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:11723/test1

70: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:24759/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:24759/test1

71: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:49062/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:49062/test1

72: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:12548/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:12548/test1

73: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:44364/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:44364/test1

74: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:36393/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:36393/test1

75: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:23909/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:23909/test1

76: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:17145/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:17145/test1

77: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:32468/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:32468/test1

78: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:61849/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:61849/test1

79: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:28489/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:28489/test1

80: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:36090/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:36090/test1

81: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:26656/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:26656/test1

82: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:62694/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:62694/test1

83: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:3282/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:3282/test1

84: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:60556/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:60556/test1

85: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:7114/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:7114/test1

86: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:1982/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:1982/test1

87: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:19559/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:19559/test1

88: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:48218/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:48218/test1

89: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:61160/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:61160/test1

90: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:32062/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:32062/test1

91: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:22248/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:22248/test1

92: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:49678/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:49678/test1

93: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:5638/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:5638/test1

94: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:44656/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:44656/test1

95: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:55385/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:55385/test1

96: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:30088/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:30088/test1

97: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:52140/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:52140/test1

98: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:53026/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:53026/test1

99: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:16776/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:16776/test1

100: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:31046/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:31046/test1

101: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:54685/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:54685/test1

102: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:57479/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:57479/test1

103: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:42248/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:42248/test1

104: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:27205/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:27205/test1

105: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:17552/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:17552/test1

106: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:9509/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:9509/test1

107: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:17484/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:17484/test1

108: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:50254/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:50254/test1

109: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:34144/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:34144/test1

110: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:35525/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:35525/test1

111: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:39102/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:39102/test1

112: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:17979/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:17979/test1

113: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:54397/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:54397/test1

114: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:25770/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:25770/test1

115: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:55880/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:55880/test1

116: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:59322/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:59322/test1

117: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:18163/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:18163/test1

118: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:45466/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:45466/test1

119: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:7337/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:7337/test1

120: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:23847/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:23847/test1

121: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:5513/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:5513/test1

122: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:55163/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:55163/test1

123: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:2433/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:2433/test1

124: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:39963/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:39963/test1

125: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:52537/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:52537/test1

126: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:55225/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:55225/test1

127: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:20353/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:20353/test1

128: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:1513/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:1513/test1

129: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:13636/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:13636/test1

130: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:37256/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:37256/test1

131: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:56555/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:56555/test1

132: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:53209/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:53209/test1

133: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:36853/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:36853/test1

134: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:26182/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:26182/test1

135: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:39525/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:39525/test1

136: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:1116/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:1116/test1

137: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:36980/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:36980/test1

138: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:49784/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:49784/test1

139: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:10663/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:10663/test1

140: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:61639/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:61639/test1

141: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:25493/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:25493/test1

142: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:26204/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:26204/test1

143: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:27716/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:27716/test1

144: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:19659/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:19659/test1

145: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:53070/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:53070/test1

146: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:18301/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:18301/test1

147: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:55184/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:55184/test1

148: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:47740/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:47740/test1

149: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:13563/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:13563/test1

150: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:23402/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:23402/test1

151: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:1577/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:1577/test1

152: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:17795/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:17795/test1

153: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:41063/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:41063/test1

154: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:42246/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:42246/test1

155: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:21435/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:21435/test1

156: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:45311/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:45311/test1

157: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:8649/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:8649/test1

158: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:59027/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:59027/test1

159: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:5648/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:5648/test1

160: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:16973/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:16973/test1

161: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:41948/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:41948/test1

162: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:60170/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:60170/test1

163: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:50503/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:50503/test1

164: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:6751/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:6751/test1

165: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:2565/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:2565/test1

166: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:30482/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:30482/test1

167: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:58781/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:58781/test1

168: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:16450/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:16450/test1

169: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:48434/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:48434/test1

170: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:5625/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:5625/test1

171: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:97/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:97/test1

172: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:5402/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:5402/test1

173: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:61618/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:61618/test1

174: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:59096/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:59096/test1

175: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:40694/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:40694/test1

176: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:65104/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:65104/test1

177: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:62301/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:62301/test1

178: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:50540/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:50540/test1

179: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:12715/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:12715/test1

180: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:8855/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:8855/test1

181: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:39921/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:39921/test1

182: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:22537/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:22537/test1

183: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:11278/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:11278/test1

184: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:55412/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:55412/test1

185: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:37837/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:37837/test1

186: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:24942/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:24942/test1

187: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:35246/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:35246/test1

188: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:44559/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:44559/test1

189: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:10806/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:10806/test1

190: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:44671/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:44671/test1

191: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:36483/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:36483/test1

192: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:53810/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:53810/test1

193: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:35652/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:35652/test1

194: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:17390/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:17390/test1

195: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:5593/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:5593/test1

196: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:22711/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:22711/test1

197: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:56961/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:56961/test1

198: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:51660/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:51660/test1

199: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:16211/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:16211/test1

200: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:27040/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:27040/test1

201: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:14957/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:14957/test1

202: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:19319/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:19319/test1

203: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:899/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:899/test1

204: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:57568/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:57568/test1

205: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:50625/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:50625/test1

206: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:9714/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:9714/test1

207: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:61073/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:61073/test1

208: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:21730/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:21730/test1

209: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:11877/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:11877/test1

210: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:45437/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:45437/test1

211: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:22847/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:22847/test1

212: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:36607/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:36607/test1

213: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:43387/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:43387/test1

214: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:45306/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:45306/test1

215: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:6124/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:6124/test1

216: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:50033/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:50033/test1

217: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:44964/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:44964/test1

218: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:57927/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:57927/test1

219: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:52789/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:52789/test1

220: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:21063/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:21063/test1

221: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:32901/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:32901/test1

222: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:40084/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:40084/test1

223: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:60547/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:60547/test1

224: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:34596/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:34596/test1

225: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:31058/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:31058/test1

226: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:58541/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:58541/test1

227: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:39051/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:39051/test1

228: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:23029/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:23029/test1

229: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:53311/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:53311/test1

230: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:40515/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:40515/test1

231: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:3899/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:3899/test1

232: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:58888/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:58888/test1

233: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:48473/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:48473/test1

234: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:46632/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:46632/test1

235: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:3419/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:3419/test1

236: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:28651/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:28651/test1

237: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:22392/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:22392/test1

238: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:36077/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:36077/test1

239: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:17240/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:17240/test1

240: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:49073/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:49073/test1

241: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:54521/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:54521/test1

242: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:9723/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:9723/test1

243: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:25737/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:25737/test1

244: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:11683/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:11683/test1

245: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:36691/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:36691/test1

246: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:53232/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:53232/test1

247: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:49569/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:49569/test1

248: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:63419/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:63419/test1

249: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:32775/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:32775/test1

250: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:27808/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:27808/test1

251: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:4975/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:4975/test1

252: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:28852/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:28852/test1

253: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:23822/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:23822/test1

254: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:50816/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:50816/test1

255: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:55373/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:55373/test1

256: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:10041/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:10041/test1

257: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:5380/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:5380/test1

258: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:4071/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:4071/test1

259: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:53706/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:53706/test1

260: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:63447/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:63447/test1

261: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:27247/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:27247/test1

262: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:11054/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:11054/test1

263: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:22436/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:22436/test1

264: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:56840/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:56840/test1

265: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:25432/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:25432/test1

266: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:6643/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:6643/test1

267: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:7237/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:7237/test1

268: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:41793/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:41793/test1

269: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:5426/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:5426/test1

270: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:2283/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:2283/test1

271: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:27837/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:27837/test1

272: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:34171/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:34171/test1

273: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:901/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:901/test1

274: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:21115/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:21115/test1

275: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:38336/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:38336/test1

276: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:62041/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:62041/test1

277: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:34315/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:34315/test1

278: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:16362/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:16362/test1

279: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:56470/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:56470/test1

280: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:41841/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:41841/test1

281: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:33362/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:33362/test1

282: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:42925/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:42925/test1

283: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:49615/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:49615/test1

284: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:33927/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:33927/test1

285: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:26598/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:26598/test1

286: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:58867/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:58867/test1

287: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:60431/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:60431/test1

288: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:40389/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:40389/test1

289: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:7286/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:7286/test1

290: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:65132/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:65132/test1

291: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:12376/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:12376/test1

292: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:30031/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:30031/test1

293: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:13960/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:13960/test1

294: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:33546/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:33546/test1

295: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:4387/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:4387/test1

296: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:45304/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:45304/test1

297: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:26503/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:26503/test1

298: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:41337/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:41337/test1

299: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:18594/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:18594/test1

300: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:36971/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:36971/test1

301: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:14353/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:14353/test1

302: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:7669/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:7669/test1

303: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:51668/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:51668/test1

304: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:62013/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:62013/test1

305: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:19550/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:19550/test1

306: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:37120/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:37120/test1

307: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:6169/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:6169/test1

308: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:62826/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:62826/test1

309: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:1000/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:1000/test1

310: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:54483/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:54483/test1

311: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:61172/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:61172/test1

312: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:53933/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:53933/test1

313: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:52280/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:52280/test1

314: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:62854/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:62854/test1

315: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:63770/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:63770/test1

316: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:61742/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:61742/test1

317: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:35510/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:35510/test1

318: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:10106/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:10106/test1

319: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:50960/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:50960/test1

320: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:59643/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:59643/test1

321: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:23752/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:23752/test1

322: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:25409/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:25409/test1

323: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:30958/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:30958/test1

324: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:37209/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:37209/test1

325: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:39354/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:39354/test1

326: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:58580/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:58580/test1

327: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:49146/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:49146/test1

328: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:19222/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:19222/test1

329: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:56438/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:56438/test1

330: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:40157/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:40157/test1

331: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:43153/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:43153/test1

332: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:11924/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:11924/test1

333: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:520/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:520/test1

334: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:8949/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:8949/test1

335: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:6935/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:6935/test1

336: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:34231/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:34231/test1

337: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:42307/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:42307/test1

338: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:24250/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:24250/test1

339: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:31250/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:31250/test1

340: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:27332/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:27332/test1

341: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:17999/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:17999/test1

342: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:38848/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:38848/test1

343: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:52902/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:52902/test1

344: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:64860/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:64860/test1

345: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:57256/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:57256/test1

346: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:29630/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:29630/test1

347: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:32049/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:32049/test1

348: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:36684/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:36684/test1

349: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:47386/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:47386/test1

350: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:16358/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:16358/test1

351: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:26755/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:26755/test1

352: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:3376/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:3376/test1

353: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:61720/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:61720/test1

354: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:51895/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:51895/test1

355: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:46520/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:46520/test1

356: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:29908/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:29908/test1

357: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:45117/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:45117/test1

358: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:23756/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:23756/test1

359: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:11248/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:11248/test1

360: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:29008/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:29008/test1

361: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:44361/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:44361/test1

362: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:45467/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:45467/test1

363: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:41654/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:41654/test1

364: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:21614/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:21614/test1

365: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:6136/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:6136/test1

366: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:40715/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:40715/test1

367: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:17255/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:17255/test1

368: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:49836/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:49836/test1

369: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:32916/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:32916/test1

370: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:44638/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:44638/test1

371: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:40955/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:40955/test1

372: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:44466/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:44466/test1

373: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:26096/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:26096/test1

374: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:61050/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:61050/test1

375: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:35646/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:35646/test1

376: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:10521/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:10521/test1

377: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:33003/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:33003/test1

378: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:19416/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:19416/test1

379: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:49151/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:49151/test1

380: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:388/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:388/test1

381: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:42141/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:42141/test1

382: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:26913/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:26913/test1

383: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:54298/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:54298/test1

384: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:47721/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:47721/test1

385: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:46845/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:46845/test1

386: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:45839/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:45839/test1

387: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:17991/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:17991/test1

388: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:5765/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:5765/test1

389: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:339/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:339/test1

390: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:24499/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:24499/test1

391: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:50673/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:50673/test1

392: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:23976/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:23976/test1

393: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:40878/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:40878/test1

394: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:193/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:193/test1

395: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:28438/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:28438/test1

396: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:50948/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:50948/test1

397: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:37518/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:37518/test1

398: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:448/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:448/test1

399: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:64495/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:64495/test1

400: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:19628/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:19628/test1

401: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:10550/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:10550/test1

402: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:53055/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:53055/test1

403: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:46355/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:46355/test1

404: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:56257/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:56257/test1

405: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:19555/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:19555/test1

406: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:44961/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:44961/test1

407: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:13846/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:13846/test1

408: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:17519/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:17519/test1

409: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:61803/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:61803/test1

410: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:59164/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:59164/test1

411: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:5509/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:5509/test1

412: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:18080/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:18080/test1

413: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:39489/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:39489/test1

414: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:43243/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:43243/test1

415: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:58974/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:58974/test1

416: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:11988/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:11988/test1

417: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:3420/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:3420/test1

418: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:46298/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:46298/test1

419: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:25183/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:25183/test1

420: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:39140/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:39140/test1

421: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:58498/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:58498/test1

422: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:38744/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:38744/test1

423: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:57436/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:57436/test1

424: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:41583/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:41583/test1

425: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:8017/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:8017/test1

426: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:46392/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:46392/test1

427: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:32393/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:32393/test1

428: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:10562/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:10562/test1

429: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:26851/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:26851/test1

430: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:18029/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:18029/test1

431: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:24007/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:24007/test1

432: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:18193/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:18193/test1

433: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:6092/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:6092/test1

434: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:12292/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:12292/test1

435: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:29785/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:29785/test1

436: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:62416/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:62416/test1

437: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:53250/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:53250/test1

438: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:50541/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:50541/test1

439: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:58991/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:58991/test1

440: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:27823/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:27823/test1

441: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:20704/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:20704/test1

442: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:28006/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:28006/test1

443: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:25912/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:25912/test1

444: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:47271/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:47271/test1

445: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:57998/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:57998/test1

446: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:65288/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:65288/test1

447: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:25540/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:25540/test1

448: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:31938/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:31938/test1

449: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:40003/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:40003/test1

450: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:42496/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:42496/test1

451: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:13604/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:13604/test1

452: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:9820/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:9820/test1

453: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:26938/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:26938/test1

454: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:2717/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:2717/test1

455: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:39225/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:39225/test1

456: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:28867/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:28867/test1

457: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:35647/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:35647/test1

458: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:63940/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:63940/test1

459: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:35343/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:35343/test1

460: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:38543/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:38543/test1

461: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:51469/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:51469/test1

462: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:58984/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:58984/test1

463: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:40838/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:40838/test1

464: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:27273/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:27273/test1

465: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:5355/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:5355/test1

466: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:12158/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:12158/test1

467: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:39079/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:39079/test1

468: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:52836/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:52836/test1

469: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:5205/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:5205/test1

470: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:6279/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:6279/test1

471: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:52554/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:52554/test1

472: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:53011/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:53011/test1

473: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:14003/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:14003/test1

474: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:15747/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:15747/test1

475: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:21293/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:21293/test1

476: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:62752/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:62752/test1

477: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:42821/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:42821/test1

478: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:1894/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:1894/test1

479: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:9526/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:9526/test1

480: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:22646/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:22646/test1

481: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:17806/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:17806/test1

482: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:62831/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:62831/test1

483: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:50816/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:50816/test1

484: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:18998/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:18998/test1

485: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:12720/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:12720/test1

486: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:16810/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:16810/test1

487: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:64329/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:64329/test1

488: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:21059/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:21059/test1

489: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:31504/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:31504/test1

490: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:50864/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:50864/test1

491: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:42608/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:42608/test1

492: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:49521/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:49521/test1

493: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:52603/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:52603/test1

494: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:62631/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:62631/test1

495: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:49973/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:49973/test1

496: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:50183/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:50183/test1

497: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:26505/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:26505/test1

498: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:8780/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:8780/test1

499: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:59826/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:59826/test1

500: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:49686/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:49686/test1

501: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:29334/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:29334/test1

502: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:53282/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:53282/test1

503: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:20158/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:20158/test1

504: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:9203/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:9203/test1

505: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:32251/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:32251/test1

506: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:12848/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:12848/test1

507: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:59957/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:59957/test1

508: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:10311/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:10311/test1

509: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:31552/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:31552/test1

510: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:45254/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:45254/test1

511: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:27510/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:27510/test1

512: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:21538/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:21538/test1

513: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:48787/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:48787/test1

514: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:58685/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:58685/test1

515: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:7427/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:7427/test1

516: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:26760/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:26760/test1

517: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:38658/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:38658/test1

518: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:17595/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:17595/test1

519: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:46710/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:46710/test1

520: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:40807/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:40807/test1

521: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:12542/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:12542/test1

522: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:51583/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:51583/test1

523: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:46992/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:46992/test1

524: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:49380/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:49380/test1

525: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:30199/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:30199/test1

526: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:19393/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:19393/test1

527: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:9260/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:9260/test1

528: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:42032/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:42032/test1

529: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:35092/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:35092/test1

530: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:2045/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:2045/test1

531: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:45454/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:45454/test1

532: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:16840/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:16840/test1

533: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:46139/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:46139/test1

534: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:54994/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:54994/test1

535: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:11434/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:11434/test1

536: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:56027/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:56027/test1

537: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:8269/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:8269/test1

538: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:17136/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:17136/test1

539: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:11119/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:11119/test1

540: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:48604/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:48604/test1

541: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:3111/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:3111/test1

542: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:56245/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:56245/test1

543: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:35464/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:35464/test1

544: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:3817/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:3817/test1

545: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:17744/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:17744/test1

546: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:5792/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:5792/test1

547: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:19640/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:19640/test1

548: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:6621/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:6621/test1

549: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:25923/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:25923/test1

550: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:48927/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:48927/test1

551: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:167/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:167/test1

552: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:12933/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:12933/test1

553: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:35587/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:35587/test1

554: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:60766/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:60766/test1

555: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:62781/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:62781/test1

556: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:23512/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:23512/test1

557: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:53770/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:53770/test1

558: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:64520/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:64520/test1

559: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:38309/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:38309/test1

560: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:4631/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:4631/test1

561: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:27232/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:27232/test1

562: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:42016/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:42016/test1

563: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:47400/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:47400/test1

564: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:40614/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:40614/test1

565: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:38913/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:38913/test1

566: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:62149/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:62149/test1

567: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:55181/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:55181/test1

568: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:24887/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:24887/test1

569: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:16363/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:16363/test1

570: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:43113/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:43113/test1

571: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:51860/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:51860/test1

572: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:18909/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:18909/test1

573: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:27108/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:27108/test1

574: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:14363/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:14363/test1

575: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:7906/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:7906/test1

576: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:44723/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:44723/test1

577: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:52614/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:52614/test1

578: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:30442/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:30442/test1

579: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:7540/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:7540/test1

580: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:61571/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:61571/test1

581: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:19653/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:19653/test1

582: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:3204/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:3204/test1

583: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:24702/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:24702/test1

584: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:62754/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:62754/test1

585: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:43940/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:43940/test1

586: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:44046/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:44046/test1

587: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:26991/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:26991/test1

588: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:57024/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:57024/test1

589: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:41655/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:41655/test1

590: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:52898/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:52898/test1

591: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:42409/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:42409/test1

592: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:65215/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:65215/test1

593: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:18195/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:18195/test1

594: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:23714/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:23714/test1

595: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:51460/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:51460/test1

596: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:48939/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:48939/test1

597: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:57084/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:57084/test1

598: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:14586/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:14586/test1

599: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:56542/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:56542/test1

600: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:32676/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:32676/test1

601: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:2679/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:2679/test1

602: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:60196/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:60196/test1

603: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:23100/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:23100/test1

604: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:40458/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:40458/test1

605: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:3739/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:3739/test1

606: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:17175/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:17175/test1

607: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:37812/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:37812/test1

608: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:43757/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:43757/test1

609: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:12941/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:12941/test1

610: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:41045/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:41045/test1

611: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:42439/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:42439/test1

612: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:57543/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:57543/test1

613: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:22322/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:22322/test1

614: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:3567/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:3567/test1

615: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:9509/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:9509/test1

616: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:41770/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:41770/test1

617: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:39058/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:39058/test1

618: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:17088/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:17088/test1

619: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:59727/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:59727/test1

620: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:2964/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:2964/test1

621: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:21711/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:21711/test1

622: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:31899/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:31899/test1

623: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:19255/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:19255/test1

624: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:35528/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:35528/test1

625: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:30108/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:30108/test1

626: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:51104/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:51104/test1

627: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:32974/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:32974/test1

628: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:54114/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:54114/test1

629: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:366/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:366/test1

630: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:59267/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:59267/test1

631: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:22869/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:22869/test1

632: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:28569/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:28569/test1

633: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:65169/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:65169/test1

634: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:50082/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:50082/test1

635: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:38349/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:38349/test1

636: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:6528/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:6528/test1

637: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:7862/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:7862/test1

638: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:43959/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:43959/test1

639: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:28201/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:28201/test1

640: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:19105/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:19105/test1

641: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:11408/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:11408/test1

642: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:50774/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:50774/test1

643: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:11404/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:11404/test1

644: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:32922/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:32922/test1

645: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:3154/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:3154/test1

646: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:24939/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:24939/test1

647: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:557/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:557/test1

648: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:21454/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:21454/test1

649: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:10511/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:10511/test1

650: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:47842/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:47842/test1

651: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:63426/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:63426/test1

652: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:47363/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:47363/test1

653: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:7929/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:7929/test1

654: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:39849/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:39849/test1

655: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:63229/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:63229/test1

656: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:24198/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:24198/test1

657: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:8049/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:8049/test1

658: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:38/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:38/test1

659: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:10610/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:10610/test1

660: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:45966/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:45966/test1

661: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:40497/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:40497/test1

662: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:57999/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:57999/test1

663: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:19348/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:19348/test1

664: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:39051/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:39051/test1

665: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:18001/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:18001/test1

666: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:3864/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:3864/test1

667: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:37507/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:37507/test1

668: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:17011/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:17011/test1

669: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:9757/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:9757/test1

670: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:6164/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:6164/test1

671: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:662/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:662/test1

672: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:33263/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:33263/test1

673: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:20040/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:20040/test1

674: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:52536/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:52536/test1

675: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:46449/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:46449/test1

676: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:59307/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:59307/test1

677: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:21992/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:21992/test1

678: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:10285/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:10285/test1

679: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:49285/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:49285/test1

680: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:7963/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:7963/test1

681: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:5224/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:5224/test1

682: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:7183/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:7183/test1

683: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:54592/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:54592/test1

684: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:62133/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:62133/test1

685: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:48294/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:48294/test1

686: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:18763/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:18763/test1

687: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:36624/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:36624/test1

688: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:10425/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:10425/test1

689: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:33009/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:33009/test1

690: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:28133/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:28133/test1

691: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:9513/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:9513/test1

692: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:9508/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:9508/test1

693: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:64499/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:64499/test1

694: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:33995/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:33995/test1

695: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:31263/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:31263/test1

696: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:42098/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:42098/test1

697: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:37453/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:37453/test1

698: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:58236/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:58236/test1

699: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:58251/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:58251/test1

700: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:40794/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:40794/test1

701: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:42974/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:42974/test1

702: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:41716/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:41716/test1

703: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:20284/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:20284/test1

704: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:56015/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:56015/test1

705: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:5417/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:5417/test1

706: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:11381/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:11381/test1

707: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:64081/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:64081/test1

708: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:9776/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:9776/test1

709: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:25260/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:25260/test1

710: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:47466/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:47466/test1

711: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:30493/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:30493/test1

712: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:60296/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:60296/test1

713: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:2649/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:2649/test1

714: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:23426/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:23426/test1

715: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:10067/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:10067/test1

716: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:59485/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:59485/test1

717: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:3997/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:3997/test1

718: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:50299/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:50299/test1

719: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:55443/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:55443/test1

720: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:12823/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:12823/test1

721: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:19386/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:19386/test1

722: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:61513/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:61513/test1

723: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:34717/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:34717/test1

724: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:57494/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:57494/test1

725: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:2289/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:2289/test1

726: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:56734/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:56734/test1

727: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:45769/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:45769/test1

728: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:725/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:725/test1

729: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:15877/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:15877/test1

730: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:43342/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:43342/test1

731: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:11683/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:11683/test1

732: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:12049/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:12049/test1

733: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:63050/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:63050/test1

734: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:35647/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:35647/test1

735: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:11227/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:11227/test1

736: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:62890/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:62890/test1

737: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:21114/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:21114/test1

738: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:20495/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:20495/test1

739: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:12700/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:12700/test1

740: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:37702/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:37702/test1

741: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:6299/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:6299/test1

742: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:42508/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:42508/test1

743: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:44843/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:44843/test1

744: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:31639/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:31639/test1

745: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:55/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:55/test1

746: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:34754/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:34754/test1

747: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:32893/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:32893/test1

748: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:8146/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:8146/test1

749: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:46098/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:46098/test1

750: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:11402/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:11402/test1

751: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:32834/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:32834/test1

752: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:64188/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:64188/test1

753: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:35829/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:35829/test1

754: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:13605/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:13605/test1

755: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:35426/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:35426/test1

756: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:5045/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:5045/test1

757: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:6220/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:6220/test1

758: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:54726/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:54726/test1

759: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:7832/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:7832/test1

760: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:49478/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:49478/test1

761: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:56462/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:56462/test1

762: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:56124/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:56124/test1

763: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:60281/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:60281/test1

764: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:1909/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:1909/test1

765: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:15197/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:15197/test1

766: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:33355/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:33355/test1

767: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:1761/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:1761/test1

768: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:38263/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:38263/test1

769: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:65113/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:65113/test1

770: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:348/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:348/test1

771: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:63602/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:63602/test1

772: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:41765/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:41765/test1

773: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:2585/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:2585/test1

774: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:14471/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:14471/test1

775: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:14392/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:14392/test1

776: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:29669/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:29669/test1

777: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:18877/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:18877/test1

778: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:41143/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:41143/test1

779: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:49156/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:49156/test1

780: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:54150/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:54150/test1

781: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:12108/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:12108/test1

782: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:1986/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:1986/test1

783: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:4578/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:4578/test1

784: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:20552/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:20552/test1

785: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:24371/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:24371/test1

786: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:20097/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:20097/test1

787: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:19548/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:19548/test1

788: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:55344/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:55344/test1

789: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:32788/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:32788/test1

790: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:31639/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:31639/test1

791: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:6499/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:6499/test1

792: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:23625/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:23625/test1

793: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:51667/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:51667/test1

794: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:60888/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:60888/test1

795: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:45462/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:45462/test1

796: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:20155/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:20155/test1

797: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:22989/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:22989/test1

798: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:49233/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:49233/test1

799: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:18281/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:18281/test1

800: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:34260/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:34260/test1

801: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:49190/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:49190/test1

802: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:37240/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:37240/test1

803: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:289/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:289/test1

804: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:19337/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:19337/test1

805: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:56495/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:56495/test1

806: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:33179/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:33179/test1

807: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:41952/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:41952/test1

808: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:3347/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:3347/test1

809: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:36816/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:36816/test1

810: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:43316/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:43316/test1

811: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:43433/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:43433/test1

812: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:13857/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:13857/test1

813: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:24547/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:24547/test1

814: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:20455/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:20455/test1

815: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:65218/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:65218/test1

816: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:34244/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:34244/test1

817: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:47655/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:47655/test1

818: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:39268/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:39268/test1

819: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:25443/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:25443/test1

820: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:26828/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:26828/test1

821: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:30910/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:30910/test1

822: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:31306/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:31306/test1

823: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:5774/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:5774/test1

824: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:39825/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:39825/test1

825: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:44979/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:44979/test1

826: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:23239/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:23239/test1

827: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:34527/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:34527/test1

828: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:29535/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:29535/test1

829: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:26937/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:26937/test1

830: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:47512/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:47512/test1

831: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:19588/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:19588/test1

832: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:53597/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:53597/test1

833: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:6134/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:6134/test1

834: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:52457/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:52457/test1

835: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:29534/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:29534/test1

836: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:31445/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:31445/test1

837: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:35729/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:35729/test1

838: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:32239/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:32239/test1

839: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:49265/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:49265/test1

840: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:31484/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:31484/test1

841: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:59313/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:59313/test1

842: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:58838/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:58838/test1

843: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:8151/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:8151/test1

844: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:57543/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:57543/test1

845: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:3425/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:3425/test1

846: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:36180/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:36180/test1

847: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:63262/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:63262/test1

848: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:44778/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:44778/test1

849: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:51034/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:51034/test1

850: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:4205/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:4205/test1

851: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:1918/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:1918/test1

852: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:24811/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:24811/test1

853: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:38658/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:38658/test1

854: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:60321/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:60321/test1

855: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:57637/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:57637/test1

856: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:59110/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:59110/test1

857: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:24052/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:24052/test1

858: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:8281/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:8281/test1

859: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:41970/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:41970/test1

860: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:39679/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:39679/test1

861: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:14735/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:14735/test1

862: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:30846/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:30846/test1

863: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:36798/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:36798/test1

864: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:4547/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:4547/test1

865: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:41009/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:41009/test1

866: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:41081/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:41081/test1

867: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:10853/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:10853/test1

868: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:6049/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:6049/test1

869: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:3844/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:3844/test1

870: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:46242/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:46242/test1

871: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:26145/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:26145/test1

872: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:53404/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:53404/test1

873: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:30419/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:30419/test1

874: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:46167/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:46167/test1

875: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:55335/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:55335/test1

876: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:16431/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:16431/test1

877: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:45907/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:45907/test1

878: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:54875/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:54875/test1

879: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:8091/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:8091/test1

880: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:36238/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:36238/test1

881: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:32031/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:32031/test1

882: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:45493/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:45493/test1

883: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:8343/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:8343/test1

884: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:56468/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:56468/test1

885: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:19690/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:19690/test1

886: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:57969/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:57969/test1

887: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:33197/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:33197/test1

888: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:12032/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:12032/test1

889: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:16888/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:16888/test1

890: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:28225/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:28225/test1

891: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:20398/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:20398/test1

892: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:36634/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:36634/test1

893: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:8048/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:8048/test1

894: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:53960/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:53960/test1

895: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:44266/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:44266/test1

896: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:1982/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:1982/test1

897: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:51683/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:51683/test1

898: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:45249/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:45249/test1

899: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:48418/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:48418/test1

900: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:10517/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:10517/test1

901: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:42194/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:42194/test1

902: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:41241/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:41241/test1

903: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:16348/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:16348/test1

904: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:52630/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:52630/test1

905: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:58419/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:58419/test1

906: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:16373/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:16373/test1

907: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:29483/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:29483/test1

908: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:46590/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:46590/test1

909: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:63213/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:63213/test1

910: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:44068/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:44068/test1

911: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:65267/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:65267/test1

912: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:19622/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:19622/test1

913: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:33952/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:33952/test1

914: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:43369/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:43369/test1

915: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:57399/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:57399/test1

916: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:56626/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:56626/test1

917: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:44248/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:44248/test1

918: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:45746/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:45746/test1

919: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:12852/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:12852/test1

920: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:26237/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:26237/test1

921: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:33545/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:33545/test1

922: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:42436/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:42436/test1

923: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:17717/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:17717/test1

924: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:43092/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:43092/test1

925: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:40744/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:40744/test1

926: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:15207/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:15207/test1

927: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:60052/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:60052/test1

928: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:3913/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:3913/test1

929: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:25929/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:25929/test1

930: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:42330/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:42330/test1

931: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:14705/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:14705/test1

932: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:8056/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:8056/test1

933: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:50631/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:50631/test1

934: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:41793/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:41793/test1

935: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:63364/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:63364/test1

936: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:35782/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:35782/test1

937: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:13934/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:13934/test1

938: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:9856/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:9856/test1

939: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:19962/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:19962/test1

940: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:19179/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:19179/test1

941: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:49330/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:49330/test1

942: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:64646/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:64646/test1

943: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:53093/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:53093/test1

944: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:34680/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:34680/test1

945: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:44912/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:44912/test1

946: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:32656/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:32656/test1

947: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:42381/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:42381/test1

948: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:57825/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:57825/test1

949: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:60764/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:60764/test1

950: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:21575/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:21575/test1

951: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:20108/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:20108/test1

952: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:49819/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:49819/test1

953: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:768/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:768/test1

954: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:50701/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:50701/test1

955: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:16780/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:16780/test1

956: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:32837/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:32837/test1

957: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:20461/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:20461/test1

958: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:23172/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:23172/test1

959: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:1874/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:1874/test1

960: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:26532/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:26532/test1

961: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:22966/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:22966/test1

962: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:14258/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:14258/test1

963: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:65237/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:65237/test1

964: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:2910/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:2910/test1

965: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:31610/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:31610/test1

966: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:26158/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:26158/test1

967: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:17992/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:17992/test1

968: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:24383/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:24383/test1

969: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:9686/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:9686/test1

970: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:65095/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:65095/test1

971: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:56402/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:56402/test1

972: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:18999/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:18999/test1

973: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:4223/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:4223/test1

974: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:3723/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:3723/test1

975: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:38781/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:38781/test1

976: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:29334/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:29334/test1

977: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:8662/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:8662/test1

978: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:19800/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:19800/test1

979: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:39434/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:39434/test1

980: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:7100/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:7100/test1

981: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:33762/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:33762/test1

982: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:6274/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:6274/test1

983: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:33303/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:33303/test1

984: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:50859/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:50859/test1

985: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:20276/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:20276/test1

986: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:31042/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:31042/test1

987: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:45894/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:45894/test1

988: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:10365/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:10365/test1

989: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:41939/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:41939/test1

990: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:53870/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:53870/test1

991: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:7356/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:7356/test1

992: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:61125/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:61125/test1

993: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:41833/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:41833/test1

994: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:17980/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:17980/test1

995: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:30093/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:30093/test1

996: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:20757/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:20757/test1

997: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:33423/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:33423/test1

998: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:30507/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:30507/test1

999: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:23058/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:23058/test1

1000: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:42190/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:42190/test1

1001: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:42314/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:42314/test1

1002: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:43005/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:43005/test1

1003: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:3396/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:3396/test1

1004: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:13248/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:13248/test1

1005: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:49333/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:49333/test1

1006: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:425/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:425/test1

1007: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:7613/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:7613/test1

1008: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:1515/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:1515/test1

1009: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:714/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:714/test1

1010: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:5820/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:5820/test1

1011: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:53549/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:53549/test1

1012: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:31159/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:31159/test1

1013: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:48270/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:48270/test1

1014: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:9579/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:9579/test1

1015: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:13684/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:13684/test1

1016: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:1975/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:1975/test1

1017: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:1870/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:1870/test1

1018: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:5665/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:5665/test1

1019: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:64509/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:64509/test1

1020: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:53824/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:53824/test1

1021: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:52017/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:52017/test1

1022: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:35915/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:35915/test1

1023: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:65182/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:65182/test1

1024: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:8998/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:8998/test1

1025: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:48776/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:48776/test1

1026: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:10898/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:10898/test1

1027: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:51872/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:51872/test1

1028: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:29058/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:29058/test1

1029: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:27147/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:27147/test1

1030: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:64911/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:64911/test1

1031: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:13142/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:13142/test1

1032: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:52280/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:52280/test1

1033: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:30986/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:30986/test1

1034: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:8537/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:8537/test1

1035: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:29585/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:29585/test1

1036: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:56256/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:56256/test1

1037: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:34826/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:34826/test1

1038: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:52274/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:52274/test1

1039: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:9264/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:9264/test1

1040: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:34870/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:34870/test1

1041: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:20686/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:20686/test1

1042: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:41989/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:41989/test1

1043: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:61829/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:61829/test1

1044: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:18803/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:18803/test1

1045: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:39713/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:39713/test1

1046: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:59183/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:59183/test1

1047: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:33832/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:33832/test1

1048: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:48364/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:48364/test1

1049: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:43539/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:43539/test1

1050: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:38041/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:38041/test1

1051: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:49797/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:49797/test1

1052: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:38791/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:38791/test1

1053: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:47176/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:47176/test1

1054: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:54874/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:54874/test1

1055: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:52846/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:52846/test1

1056: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:30622/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:30622/test1

1057: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:36514/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:36514/test1

1058: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:64825/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:64825/test1

1059: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:58026/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:58026/test1

1060: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:21743/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:21743/test1

1061: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:24567/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:24567/test1

1062: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:44909/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:44909/test1

1063: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:53448/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:53448/test1

1064: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:6760/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:6760/test1

1065: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:7902/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:7902/test1

1066: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:10657/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:10657/test1

1067: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:37666/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:37666/test1

1068: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:51911/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:51911/test1

1069: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:29307/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:29307/test1

1070: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:31007/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:31007/test1

1071: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:22703/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:22703/test1

1072: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:22685/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:22685/test1

1073: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:43463/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:43463/test1

1074: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:7168/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:7168/test1

1075: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:45971/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:45971/test1

1076: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:62117/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:62117/test1

1077: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:65044/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:65044/test1

1078: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:44595/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:44595/test1

1079: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:48382/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:48382/test1

1080: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:20224/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:20224/test1

1081: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:13238/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:13238/test1

1082: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:57008/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:57008/test1

1083: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:17102/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:17102/test1

1084: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:58743/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:58743/test1

1085: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:51831/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:51831/test1

1086: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:51849/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:51849/test1

1087: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:21652/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:21652/test1

1088: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:46304/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:46304/test1

1089: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:54284/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:54284/test1

1090: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:49921/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:49921/test1

1091: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:8520/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:8520/test1

1092: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:62511/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:62511/test1

1093: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:42864/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:42864/test1

1094: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:12671/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:12671/test1

1095: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:43370/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:43370/test1

1096: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:63117/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:63117/test1

1097: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:38580/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:38580/test1

1098: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:3170/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:3170/test1

1099: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:3589/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:3589/test1

1100: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:26436/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:26436/test1

1101: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:1474/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:1474/test1

1102: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:33671/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:33671/test1

1103: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:56203/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:56203/test1

1104: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:53596/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:53596/test1

1105: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:22810/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:22810/test1

1106: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:52433/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:52433/test1

1107: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:17060/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:17060/test1

1108: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:46712/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:46712/test1

1109: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:28109/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:28109/test1

1110: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:42618/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:42618/test1

1111: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:2406/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:2406/test1

1112: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:749/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:749/test1

1113: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:35006/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:35006/test1

1114: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:28254/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:28254/test1

1115: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:43350/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:43350/test1

1116: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:51577/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:51577/test1

1117: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:12033/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:12033/test1

1118: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:11904/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:11904/test1

1119: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:22753/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:22753/test1

1120: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:9510/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:9510/test1

1121: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:25497/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:25497/test1

1122: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:8232/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:8232/test1

1123: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:36297/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:36297/test1

1124: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:13658/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:13658/test1

1125: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:54808/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:54808/test1

1126: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:3079/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:3079/test1

1127: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:1260/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:1260/test1

1128: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:43621/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:43621/test1

1129: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:38410/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:38410/test1

1130: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:24596/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:24596/test1

1131: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:58932/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:58932/test1

1132: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:9327/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:9327/test1

1133: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:55937/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:55937/test1

1134: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:51166/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:51166/test1

1135: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:42648/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:42648/test1

1136: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:4312/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:4312/test1

1137: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:41900/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:41900/test1

1138: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:45626/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:45626/test1

1139: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:17563/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:17563/test1

1140: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:50302/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:50302/test1

1141: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:3579/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:3579/test1

1142: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:31681/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:31681/test1

1143: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:4042/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:4042/test1

1144: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:44166/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:44166/test1

1145: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:50505/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:50505/test1

1146: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:11668/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:11668/test1

1147: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:53116/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:53116/test1

1148: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:36939/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:36939/test1

1149: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:52767/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:52767/test1

1150: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:10533/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:10533/test1

1151: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:17132/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:17132/test1

1152: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:3431/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:3431/test1

1153: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:40400/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:40400/test1

1154: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:25186/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:25186/test1

1155: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:21657/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:21657/test1

1156: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:45369/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:45369/test1

1157: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:48314/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:48314/test1

1158: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:24747/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:24747/test1

1159: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:9062/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:9062/test1

1160: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:36055/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:36055/test1

1161: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:36908/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:36908/test1

1162: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:17900/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:17900/test1

1163: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:45826/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:45826/test1

1164: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:437/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:437/test1

1165: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:4673/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:4673/test1

1166: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:53243/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:53243/test1

1167: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:48064/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:48064/test1

1168: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:37764/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:37764/test1

1169: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:50491/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:50491/test1

1170: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:52761/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:52761/test1

1171: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:40034/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:40034/test1

1172: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:14790/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:14790/test1

1173: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:4664/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:4664/test1

1174: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:53863/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:53863/test1

1175: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:31933/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:31933/test1

1176: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:32954/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:32954/test1

1177: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:7810/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:7810/test1

1178: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:38105/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:38105/test1

1179: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:2130/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:2130/test1

1180: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:57283/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:57283/test1

1181: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:7398/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:7398/test1

1182: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:55447/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:55447/test1

1183: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:24690/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:24690/test1

1184: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:3902/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:3902/test1

1185: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:55806/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:55806/test1

1186: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:62056/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:62056/test1

1187: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:24699/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:24699/test1

1188: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:50862/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:50862/test1

1189: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:63295/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:63295/test1

1190: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:63378/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:63378/test1

1191: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:47756/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:47756/test1

1192: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:22675/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:22675/test1

1193: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:4622/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:4622/test1

1194: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:1686/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:1686/test1

1195: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:12567/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:12567/test1

1196: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:45212/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:45212/test1

1197: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:36434/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:36434/test1

1198: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:59841/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:59841/test1

1199: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:45124/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:45124/test1

1200: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:52375/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:52375/test1

1201: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:11265/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:11265/test1

1202: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:8584/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:8584/test1

1203: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:5439/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:5439/test1

1204: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:21157/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:21157/test1

1205: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:47264/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:47264/test1

1206: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:27926/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:27926/test1

1207: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:35186/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:35186/test1

1208: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:43097/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:43097/test1

1209: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:48892/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:48892/test1

1210: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:63639/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:63639/test1

1211: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:65402/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:65402/test1

1212: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:29785/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:29785/test1

1213: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:42883/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:42883/test1

1214: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:41175/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:41175/test1

1215: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:41219/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:41219/test1

1216: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:60794/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:60794/test1

1217: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:52332/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:52332/test1

1218: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:53094/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:53094/test1

1219: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:13691/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:13691/test1

1220: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:36548/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:36548/test1

1221: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:44569/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:44569/test1

1222: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:53798/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:53798/test1

1223: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:45643/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:45643/test1

1224: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:39814/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:39814/test1

1225: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:21572/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:21572/test1

1226: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:3090/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:3090/test1

1227: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:20854/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:20854/test1

1228: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:21119/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:21119/test1

1229: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:41618/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:41618/test1

1230: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:39854/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:39854/test1

1231: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:45634/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:45634/test1

1232: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:33300/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:33300/test1

1233: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:2636/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:2636/test1

1234: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:21504/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:21504/test1

1235: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:26514/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:26514/test1

1236: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:22734/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:22734/test1

1237: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:10224/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:10224/test1

1238: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:22052/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:22052/test1

1239: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:21480/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:21480/test1

1240: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:11033/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:11033/test1

1241: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:45228/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:45228/test1

1242: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:60038/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:60038/test1

1243: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:1251/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:1251/test1

1244: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:10112/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:10112/test1

1245: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:35959/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:35959/test1

1246: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:10660/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:10660/test1

1247: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:29896/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:29896/test1

1248: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:27865/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:27865/test1

1249: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:2834/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:2834/test1

1250: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:5601/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:5601/test1

1251: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:20179/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:20179/test1

1252: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:35263/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:35263/test1

1253: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:51978/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:51978/test1

1254: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:8976/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:8976/test1

1255: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:3460/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:3460/test1

1256: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:22925/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:22925/test1

1257: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:55865/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:55865/test1

1258: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:8518/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:8518/test1

1259: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:34811/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:34811/test1

1260: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:27853/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:27853/test1

1261: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:39010/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:39010/test1

1262: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:26135/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:26135/test1

1263: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:51878/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:51878/test1

1264: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:9216/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:9216/test1

1265: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:14604/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:14604/test1

1266: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:457/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:457/test1

1267: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:24268/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:24268/test1

1268: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:31698/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:31698/test1

1269: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:23654/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:23654/test1

1270: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:27886/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:27886/test1

1271: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:38890/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:38890/test1

1272: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:29401/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:29401/test1

1273: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:9120/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:9120/test1

1274: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:28028/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:28028/test1

1275: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:22653/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:22653/test1

1276: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:57653/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:57653/test1

1277: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:13081/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:13081/test1

1278: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:16477/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:16477/test1

1279: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:17918/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:17918/test1

1280: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:25579/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:25579/test1

1281: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:63990/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:63990/test1

1282: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:19120/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:19120/test1

1283: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:32670/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:32670/test1

1284: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:22893/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:22893/test1

1285: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:59707/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:59707/test1

1286: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:12955/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:12955/test1

1287: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:4559/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:4559/test1

1288: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:5580/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:5580/test1

1289: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:51001/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:51001/test1

1290: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:26696/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:26696/test1

1291: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:13467/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:13467/test1

1292: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:23890/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:23890/test1

1293: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:55513/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:55513/test1

1294: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:25326/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:25326/test1

1295: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:4249/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:4249/test1

1296: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:22985/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:22985/test1

1297: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:42387/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:42387/test1

1298: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:29988/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:29988/test1

1299: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:37267/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:37267/test1

1300: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:28355/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:28355/test1

1301: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:58390/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:58390/test1

1302: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:33147/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:33147/test1

1303: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:15768/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:15768/test1

1304: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:8364/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:8364/test1

1305: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:18728/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:18728/test1

1306: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:47575/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:47575/test1

1307: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:56904/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:56904/test1

1308: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:8189/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:8189/test1

1309: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:39878/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:39878/test1

1310: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:50943/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:50943/test1

1311: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:29121/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:29121/test1

1312: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:55074/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:55074/test1

1313: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:43185/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:43185/test1

1314: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:56706/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:56706/test1

1315: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:7519/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:7519/test1

1316: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:18177/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:18177/test1

1317: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:22017/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:22017/test1

1318: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:50370/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:50370/test1

1319: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:37046/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:37046/test1

1320: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:11283/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:11283/test1

1321: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:41334/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:41334/test1

1322: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:37456/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:37456/test1

1323: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:36811/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:36811/test1

1324: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:49189/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:49189/test1

1325: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:38334/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:38334/test1

1326: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:15989/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:15989/test1

1327: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:48566/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:48566/test1

1328: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:28886/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:28886/test1

1329: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:56841/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:56841/test1

1330: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:32720/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:32720/test1

1331: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:42300/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:42300/test1

1332: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:36542/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:36542/test1

1333: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:11173/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:11173/test1

1334: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:40448/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:40448/test1

1335: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:60546/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:60546/test1

1336: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:47915/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:47915/test1

1337: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:10626/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:10626/test1

1338: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:2401/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:2401/test1

1339: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:42724/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:42724/test1

1340: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:45918/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:45918/test1

1341: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:57623/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:57623/test1

1342: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:16960/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:16960/test1

1343: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:10516/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:10516/test1

1344: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:32189/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:32189/test1

1345: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:908/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:908/test1

1346: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:4752/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:4752/test1

1347: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:29077/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:29077/test1

1348: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:25125/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:25125/test1

1349: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:1613/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:1613/test1

1350: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:58786/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:58786/test1

1351: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:14403/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:14403/test1

1352: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:37981/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:37981/test1

1353: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:4561/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:4561/test1

1354: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:37619/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:37619/test1

1355: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:34188/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:34188/test1

1356: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:38418/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:38418/test1

1357: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:50722/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:50722/test1

1358: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:5310/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:5310/test1

1359: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:16184/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:16184/test1

1360: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:59600/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:59600/test1

1361: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:9302/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:9302/test1

1362: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:35943/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:35943/test1

1363: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:57546/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:57546/test1

1364: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:21544/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:21544/test1

1365: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:17762/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:17762/test1

1366: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:48427/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:48427/test1

1367: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:16203/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:16203/test1

1368: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:20757/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:20757/test1

1369: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:37707/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:37707/test1

1370: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:52940/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:52940/test1

1371: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:18976/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:18976/test1

1372: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:42790/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:42790/test1

1373: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:53412/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:53412/test1

1374: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:3039/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:3039/test1

1375: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:19186/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:19186/test1

1376: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:34660/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:34660/test1

1377: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:26230/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:26230/test1

1378: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:10611/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:10611/test1

1379: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:28911/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:28911/test1

1380: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:36236/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:36236/test1

1381: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:34967/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:34967/test1

1382: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:19488/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:19488/test1

1383: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:58007/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:58007/test1

1384: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:15038/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:15038/test1

1385: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:61494/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:61494/test1

1386: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:46504/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:46504/test1

1387: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:63877/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:63877/test1

1388: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:11433/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:11433/test1

1389: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:13793/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:13793/test1

1390: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:50703/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:50703/test1

1391: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:17345/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:17345/test1

1392: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:11111/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:11111/test1

1393: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:13825/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:13825/test1

1394: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:36451/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:36451/test1

1395: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:27848/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:27848/test1

1396: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:35451/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:35451/test1

1397: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:17001/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:17001/test1

1398: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:18263/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:18263/test1

1399: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:31988/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:31988/test1

1400: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:9266/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:9266/test1

1401: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:54817/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:54817/test1

1402: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:63097/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:63097/test1

1403: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:25737/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:25737/test1

1404: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:19856/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:19856/test1

1405: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:34838/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:34838/test1

1406: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:34913/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:34913/test1

1407: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:61624/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:61624/test1

1408: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:1427/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:1427/test1

1409: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:59971/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:59971/test1

1410: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:45739/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:45739/test1

1411: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:17918/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:17918/test1

1412: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:27547/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:27547/test1

1413: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:62023/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:62023/test1

1414: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:7540/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:7540/test1

1415: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:28937/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:28937/test1

1416: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:52831/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:52831/test1

1417: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:11857/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:11857/test1

1418: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:16417/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:16417/test1

1419: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:29518/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:29518/test1

1420: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:35480/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:35480/test1

1421: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:30696/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:30696/test1

1422: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:63980/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:63980/test1

1423: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:60015/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:60015/test1

1424: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:34889/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:34889/test1

1425: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:64304/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:64304/test1

1426: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:14216/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:14216/test1

1427: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:5645/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:5645/test1

1428: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:48351/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:48351/test1

1429: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:23483/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:23483/test1

1430: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:26740/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:26740/test1

1431: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:22348/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:22348/test1

1432: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:51815/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:51815/test1

1433: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:63105/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:63105/test1

1434: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:15632/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:15632/test1

1435: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:37435/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:37435/test1

1436: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:12538/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:12538/test1

1437: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:59744/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:59744/test1

1438: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:49799/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:49799/test1

1439: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:17547/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:17547/test1

1440: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:64048/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:64048/test1

1441: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:274/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:274/test1

1442: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:46953/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:46953/test1

1443: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:30633/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:30633/test1

1444: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:13772/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:13772/test1

1445: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:64067/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:64067/test1

1446: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:29242/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:29242/test1

1447: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:52476/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:52476/test1

1448: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:50529/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:50529/test1

1449: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:49555/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:49555/test1

1450: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:11573/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:11573/test1

1451: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:12559/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:12559/test1

1452: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:49728/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:49728/test1

1453: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:11002/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:11002/test1

1454: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:55969/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:55969/test1

1455: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:58848/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:58848/test1

1456: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:12464/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:12464/test1

1457: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:61453/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:61453/test1

1458: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:45550/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:45550/test1

1459: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:21573/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:21573/test1

1460: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:53791/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:53791/test1

1461: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:35339/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:35339/test1

1462: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:9377/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:9377/test1

1463: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:19218/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:19218/test1

1464: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:54667/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:54667/test1

1465: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:12989/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:12989/test1

1466: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:31770/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:31770/test1

1467: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:26525/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:26525/test1

1468: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:35409/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:35409/test1

1469: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:748/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:748/test1

1470: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:59011/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:59011/test1

1471: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:31514/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:31514/test1

1472: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:31815/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:31815/test1

1473: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:57833/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:57833/test1

1474: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:31568/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:31568/test1

1475: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:54938/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:54938/test1

1476: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:48173/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:48173/test1

1477: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:29216/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:29216/test1

1478: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:37712/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:37712/test1

1479: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:25884/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:25884/test1

1480: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:59880/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:59880/test1

1481: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:36283/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:36283/test1

1482: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:663/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:663/test1

1483: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:34303/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:34303/test1

1484: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:27941/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:27941/test1

1485: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:209/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:209/test1

1486: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:61929/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:61929/test1

1487: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:52891/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:52891/test1

1488: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:59070/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:59070/test1

1489: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:56745/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:56745/test1

1490: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:8431/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:8431/test1

1491: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:34494/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:34494/test1

1492: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:46789/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:46789/test1

1493: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:37639/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:37639/test1

1494: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:22295/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:22295/test1

1495: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:40839/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:40839/test1

1496: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:59023/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:59023/test1

1497: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:48544/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:48544/test1

1498: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:40560/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:40560/test1

1499: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:51497/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:51497/test1

1500: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:34524/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:34524/test1

1501: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:30341/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:30341/test1

1502: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:58658/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:58658/test1

1503: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:11911/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:11911/test1

1504: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:56769/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:56769/test1

1505: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:24767/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:24767/test1

1506: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:52877/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:52877/test1

1507: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:36251/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:36251/test1

1508: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:24793/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:24793/test1

1509: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:28339/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:28339/test1

1510: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:30697/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:30697/test1

1511: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:14136/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:14136/test1

1512: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:32015/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:32015/test1

1513: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:51867/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:51867/test1

1514: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:51971/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:51971/test1

1515: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:51269/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:51269/test1

1516: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:19673/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:19673/test1

1517: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:56953/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:56953/test1

1518: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:43029/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:43029/test1

1519: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:52810/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:52810/test1

1520: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:41464/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:41464/test1

1521: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:46014/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:46014/test1

1522: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:26722/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:26722/test1

1523: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:58890/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:58890/test1

1524: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:17592/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:17592/test1

1525: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:27455/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:27455/test1

1526: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:48956/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:48956/test1

1527: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:36100/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:36100/test1

1528: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:64006/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:64006/test1

1529: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:57082/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:57082/test1

1530: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:56693/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:56693/test1

1531: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:32055/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:32055/test1

1532: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:5524/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:5524/test1

1533: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:15794/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:15794/test1

1534: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:45791/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:45791/test1

1535: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:55786/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:55786/test1

1536: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:22022/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:22022/test1

1537: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:52237/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:52237/test1

1538: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:51012/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:51012/test1

1539: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:26994/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:26994/test1

1540: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:58896/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:58896/test1

1541: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:51020/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:51020/test1

1542: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:14012/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:14012/test1

1543: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:49819/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:49819/test1

1544: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:14274/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:14274/test1

1545: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:376/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:376/test1

1546: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:23201/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:23201/test1

1547: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:30152/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:30152/test1

1548: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:21553/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:21553/test1

1549: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:45291/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:45291/test1

1550: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:13461/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:13461/test1

1551: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:24896/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:24896/test1

1552: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:26683/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:26683/test1

1553: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:27520/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:27520/test1

1554: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:22464/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:22464/test1

1555: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:21299/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:21299/test1

1556: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:35488/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:35488/test1

1557: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:57979/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:57979/test1

1558: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:61900/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:61900/test1

1559: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:17922/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:17922/test1

1560: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:28902/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:28902/test1

1561: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:25603/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:25603/test1

1562: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:19597/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:19597/test1

1563: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:50113/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:50113/test1

1564: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:48417/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:48417/test1

1565: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:42832/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:42832/test1

1566: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:33816/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:33816/test1

1567: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:29779/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:29779/test1

1568: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:7378/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:7378/test1

1569: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:11118/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:11118/test1

1570: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:14753/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:14753/test1

1571: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:22177/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:22177/test1

1572: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:1640/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:1640/test1

1573: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:25000/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:25000/test1

1574: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:6204/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:6204/test1

1575: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:6780/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:6780/test1

1576: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:21489/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:21489/test1

1577: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:63619/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:63619/test1

1578: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:12784/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:12784/test1

1579: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:21269/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:21269/test1

1580: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:12624/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:12624/test1

1581: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:55481/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:55481/test1

1582: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:57749/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:57749/test1

1583: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:22536/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:22536/test1

1584: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:53536/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:53536/test1

1585: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:48169/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:48169/test1

1586: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:45893/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:45893/test1

1587: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:37231/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:37231/test1

1588: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:19080/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:19080/test1

1589: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:16892/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:16892/test1

1590: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:19710/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:19710/test1

1591: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:61739/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:61739/test1

1592: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:32820/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:32820/test1

1593: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:1866/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:1866/test1

1594: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:14239/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:14239/test1

1595: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:50143/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:50143/test1

1596: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:9450/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:9450/test1

1597: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:35048/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:35048/test1

1598: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:8809/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:8809/test1

1599: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:49489/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:49489/test1

1600: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:30645/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:30645/test1

1601: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:11685/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:11685/test1

1602: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:62662/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:62662/test1

1603: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:5245/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:5245/test1

1604: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:9306/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:9306/test1

1605: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:1717/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:1717/test1

1606: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:14037/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:14037/test1

1607: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:64547/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:64547/test1

1608: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:5636/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:5636/test1

1609: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:20602/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:20602/test1

1610: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:8553/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:8553/test1

1611: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:26847/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:26847/test1

1612: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:47606/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:47606/test1

1613: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:36266/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:36266/test1

1614: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:27452/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:27452/test1

1615: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:53705/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:53705/test1

1616: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:1072/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:1072/test1

1617: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:278/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:278/test1

1618: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:40929/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:40929/test1

1619: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:2879/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:2879/test1

1620: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:29754/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:29754/test1

1621: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:53919/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:53919/test1

1622: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:8256/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:8256/test1

1623: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:7646/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:7646/test1

1624: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:46363/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:46363/test1

1625: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:59589/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:59589/test1

1626: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:39958/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:39958/test1

1627: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:47965/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:47965/test1

1628: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:42375/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:42375/test1

1629: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:8065/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:8065/test1

1630: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:55030/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:55030/test1

1631: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:23079/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:23079/test1

1632: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:54154/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:54154/test1

1633: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:57701/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:57701/test1

1634: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:16884/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:16884/test1

1635: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:48035/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:48035/test1

1636: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:42062/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:42062/test1

1637: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:122/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:122/test1

1638: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:46414/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:46414/test1

1639: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:61473/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:61473/test1

1640: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:51022/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:51022/test1

1641: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:39466/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:39466/test1

1642: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:5788/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:5788/test1

1643: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:40474/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:40474/test1

1644: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:12435/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:12435/test1

1645: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:8184/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:8184/test1

1646: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:23677/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:23677/test1

1647: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:20673/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:20673/test1

1648: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:60288/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:60288/test1

1649: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:54624/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:54624/test1

1650: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:44514/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:44514/test1

1651: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:52341/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:52341/test1

1652: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:32727/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:32727/test1

1653: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:11922/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:11922/test1

1654: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:26229/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:26229/test1

1655: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:7709/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:7709/test1

1656: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:30117/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:30117/test1

1657: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:57281/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:57281/test1

1658: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:3159/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:3159/test1

1659: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:38399/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:38399/test1

1660: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:11092/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:11092/test1

1661: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:22030/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:22030/test1

1662: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:24053/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:24053/test1

1663: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:50311/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:50311/test1

1664: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:14664/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:14664/test1

1665: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:26771/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:26771/test1

1666: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:10596/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:10596/test1

1667: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:36/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:36/test1

1668: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:31912/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:31912/test1

1669: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:43251/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:43251/test1

1670: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:64171/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:64171/test1

1671: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:42431/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:42431/test1

1672: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:40679/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:40679/test1

1673: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:57377/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:57377/test1

1674: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:43402/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:43402/test1

1675: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:12112/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:12112/test1

1676: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:52610/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:52610/test1

1677: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:20961/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:20961/test1

1678: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:21992/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:21992/test1

1679: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:3479/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:3479/test1

1680: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:61606/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:61606/test1

1681: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:13462/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:13462/test1

1682: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:2542/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:2542/test1

1683: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:7281/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:7281/test1

1684: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:23347/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:23347/test1

1685: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:28691/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:28691/test1

1686: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:22857/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:22857/test1

1687: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:39509/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:39509/test1

1688: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:13529/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:13529/test1

1689: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:14476/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:14476/test1

1690: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:48033/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:48033/test1

1691: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:22901/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:22901/test1

1692: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:60948/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:60948/test1

1693: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:13068/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:13068/test1

1694: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:8255/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:8255/test1

1695: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:31902/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:31902/test1

1696: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:1943/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:1943/test1

1697: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:40117/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:40117/test1

1698: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:34668/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:34668/test1

1699: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:28150/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:28150/test1

1700: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:25805/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:25805/test1

1701: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:35188/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:35188/test1

1702: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:51909/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:51909/test1

1703: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:11714/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:11714/test1

1704: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:56445/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:56445/test1

1705: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:31504/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:31504/test1

1706: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:32084/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:32084/test1

1707: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:50347/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:50347/test1

1708: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:17697/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:17697/test1

1709: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:24505/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:24505/test1

1710: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:28798/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:28798/test1

1711: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:47927/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:47927/test1

1712: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:64152/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:64152/test1

1713: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:2376/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:2376/test1

1714: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:7136/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:7136/test1

1715: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:64119/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:64119/test1

1716: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:34350/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:34350/test1

1717: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:1972/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:1972/test1

1718: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:40347/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:40347/test1

1719: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:52807/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:52807/test1

1720: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:43716/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:43716/test1

1721: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:45700/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:45700/test1

1722: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:19028/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:19028/test1

1723: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:37183/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:37183/test1

1724: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:60628/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:60628/test1

1725: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:13656/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:13656/test1

1726: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:17132/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:17132/test1

1727: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:48556/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:48556/test1

1728: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:8383/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:8383/test1

1729: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:65150/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:65150/test1

1730: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:9707/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:9707/test1

1731: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:5719/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:5719/test1

1732: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:50851/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:50851/test1

1733: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:42897/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:42897/test1

1734: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:24969/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:24969/test1

1735: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:36196/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:36196/test1

1736: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:58409/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:58409/test1

1737: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:58178/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:58178/test1

1738: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:16759/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:16759/test1

1739: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:61208/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:61208/test1

1740: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:61762/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:61762/test1

1741: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:61160/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:61160/test1

1742: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:58230/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:58230/test1

1743: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:5644/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:5644/test1

1744: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:24594/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:24594/test1

1745: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:49798/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:49798/test1

1746: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:22887/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:22887/test1

1747: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:2091/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:2091/test1

1748: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:26327/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:26327/test1

1749: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:26236/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:26236/test1

1750: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:45393/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:45393/test1

1751: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:60469/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:60469/test1

1752: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:1288/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:1288/test1

1753: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:10407/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:10407/test1

1754: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:33958/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:33958/test1

1755: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:41702/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:41702/test1

1756: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:44354/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:44354/test1

1757: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:22128/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:22128/test1

1758: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:28642/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:28642/test1

1759: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:5859/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:5859/test1

1760: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:3851/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:3851/test1

1761: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:32053/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:32053/test1

1762: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:36113/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:36113/test1

1763: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:12755/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:12755/test1

1764: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:13704/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:13704/test1

1765: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:60970/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:60970/test1

1766: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:18625/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:18625/test1

1767: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:11821/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:11821/test1

1768: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:47070/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:47070/test1

1769: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:58220/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:58220/test1

1770: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:36517/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:36517/test1

1771: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:10662/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:10662/test1

1772: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:9830/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:9830/test1

1773: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:7066/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:7066/test1

1774: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:2646/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:2646/test1

1775: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:35295/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:35295/test1

1776: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:4571/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:4571/test1

1777: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:5452/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:5452/test1

1778: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:51767/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:51767/test1

1779: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:10189/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:10189/test1

1780: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:2688/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:2688/test1

1781: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:65228/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:65228/test1

1782: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:24312/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:24312/test1

1783: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:14160/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:14160/test1

1784: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:59542/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:59542/test1

1785: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:64801/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:64801/test1

1786: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:2765/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:2765/test1

1787: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:24569/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:24569/test1

1788: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:4944/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:4944/test1

1789: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:13446/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:13446/test1

1790: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:30071/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:30071/test1

1791: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:57020/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:57020/test1

1792: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:35249/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:35249/test1

1793: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:35607/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:35607/test1

1794: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:849/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:849/test1

1795: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:25767/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:25767/test1

1796: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:9205/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:9205/test1

1797: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:24677/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:24677/test1

1798: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:38820/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:38820/test1

1799: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:47208/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:47208/test1

1800: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:44882/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:44882/test1

1801: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:31364/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:31364/test1

1802: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:11619/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:11619/test1

1803: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:61982/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:61982/test1

1804: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:52910/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:52910/test1

1805: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:935/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:935/test1

1806: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:43317/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:43317/test1

1807: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:22252/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:22252/test1

1808: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:45541/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:45541/test1

1809: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:13995/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:13995/test1

1810: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:1855/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:1855/test1

1811: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:19625/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:19625/test1

1812: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:60096/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:60096/test1

1813: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:55825/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:55825/test1

1814: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:44115/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:44115/test1

1815: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:11910/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:11910/test1

1816: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:33939/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:33939/test1

1817: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:22401/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:22401/test1

1818: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:37157/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:37157/test1

1819: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:61093/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:61093/test1

1820: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:13781/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:13781/test1

1821: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:42572/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:42572/test1

1822: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:5050/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:5050/test1

1823: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:36904/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:36904/test1

1824: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:4573/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:4573/test1

1825: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:91/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:91/test1

1826: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:7175/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:7175/test1

1827: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:21332/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:21332/test1

1828: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:36512/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:36512/test1

1829: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:9378/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:9378/test1

1830: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:21582/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:21582/test1

1831: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:38700/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:38700/test1

1832: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:29839/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:29839/test1

1833: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:15993/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:15993/test1

1834: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:5261/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:5261/test1

1835: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:30193/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:30193/test1

1836: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:39919/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:39919/test1

1837: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:47466/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:47466/test1

1838: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:1851/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:1851/test1

1839: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:3523/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:3523/test1

1840: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:35283/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:35283/test1

1841: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:52445/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:52445/test1

1842: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:57693/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:57693/test1

1843: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:48314/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:48314/test1

1844: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:10648/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:10648/test1

1845: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:16055/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:16055/test1

1846: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:25421/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:25421/test1

1847: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:48549/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:48549/test1

1848: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:58721/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:58721/test1

1849: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:47110/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:47110/test1

1850: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:4432/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:4432/test1

1851: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:15934/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:15934/test1

1852: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:48356/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:48356/test1

1853: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:17238/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:17238/test1

1854: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:28101/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:28101/test1

1855: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:58912/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:58912/test1

1856: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:15737/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:15737/test1

1857: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:44989/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:44989/test1

1858: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:28880/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:28880/test1

1859: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:36266/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:36266/test1

1860: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:58889/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:58889/test1

1861: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:13114/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:13114/test1

1862: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:19742/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:19742/test1

1863: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:3719/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:3719/test1

1864: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:57346/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:57346/test1

1865: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:54799/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:54799/test1

1866: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:31841/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:31841/test1

1867: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:53696/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:53696/test1

1868: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:57586/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:57586/test1

1869: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:25614/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:25614/test1

1870: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:65093/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:65093/test1

1871: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:60464/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:60464/test1

1872: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:41217/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:41217/test1

1873: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:36170/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:36170/test1

1874: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:3792/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:3792/test1

1875: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:10062/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:10062/test1

1876: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:54927/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:54927/test1

1877: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:58266/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:58266/test1

1878: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:38123/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:38123/test1

1879: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:59926/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:59926/test1

1880: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:20065/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:20065/test1

1881: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:60635/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:60635/test1

1882: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:33445/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:33445/test1

1883: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:10649/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:10649/test1

1884: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:28342/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:28342/test1

1885: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:53509/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:53509/test1

1886: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:53479/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:53479/test1

1887: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:36327/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:36327/test1

1888: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:50677/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:50677/test1

1889: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:14183/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:14183/test1

1890: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:65044/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:65044/test1

1891: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:26766/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:26766/test1

1892: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:57277/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:57277/test1

1893: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:25882/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:25882/test1

1894: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:15099/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:15099/test1

1895: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:64031/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:64031/test1

1896: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:17968/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:17968/test1

1897: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:28149/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:28149/test1

1898: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:14824/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:14824/test1

1899: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:12921/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:12921/test1

1900: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:62535/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:62535/test1

1901: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:47214/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:47214/test1

1902: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:286/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:286/test1

1903: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:19877/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:19877/test1

1904: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:56699/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:56699/test1

1905: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:47325/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:47325/test1

1906: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:43021/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:43021/test1

1907: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:54076/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:54076/test1

1908: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:43415/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:43415/test1

1909: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:51096/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:51096/test1

1910: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:57587/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:57587/test1

1911: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:22548/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:22548/test1

1912: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:3501/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:3501/test1

1913: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:1145/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:1145/test1

1914: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:39548/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:39548/test1

1915: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:35368/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:35368/test1

1916: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:34448/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:34448/test1

1917: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:5868/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:5868/test1

1918: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:16705/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:16705/test1

1919: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:8539/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:8539/test1

1920: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:30153/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:30153/test1

1921: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:33206/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:33206/test1

1922: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:35106/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:35106/test1

1923: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:34850/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:34850/test1

1924: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:28485/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:28485/test1

1925: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:61636/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:61636/test1

1926: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:1601/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:1601/test1

1927: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:8556/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:8556/test1

1928: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:16565/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:16565/test1

1929: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:17160/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:17160/test1

1930: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:12211/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:12211/test1

1931: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:38025/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:38025/test1

1932: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:43335/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:43335/test1

1933: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:60876/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:60876/test1

1934: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:9044/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:9044/test1

1935: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:42336/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:42336/test1

1936: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:16668/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:16668/test1

1937: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:63827/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:63827/test1

1938: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:20826/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:20826/test1

1939: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:64453/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:64453/test1

1940: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:30645/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:30645/test1

1941: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:3525/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:3525/test1

1942: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:44306/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:44306/test1

1943: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:23441/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:23441/test1

1944: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:30029/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:30029/test1

1945: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:9313/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:9313/test1

1946: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:32599/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:32599/test1

1947: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:22405/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:22405/test1

1948: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:15896/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:15896/test1

1949: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:57354/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:57354/test1

1950: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:8362/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:8362/test1

1951: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:64322/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:64322/test1

1952: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:41151/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:41151/test1

1953: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:46936/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:46936/test1

1954: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:38090/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:38090/test1

1955: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:9349/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:9349/test1

1956: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:35120/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:35120/test1

1957: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:45431/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:45431/test1

1958: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:56131/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:56131/test1

1959: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:52976/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:52976/test1

1960: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:17663/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:17663/test1

1961: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:17945/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:17945/test1

1962: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:59215/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:59215/test1

1963: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:27209/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:27209/test1

1964: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:58319/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:58319/test1

1965: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:56784/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:56784/test1

1966: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:38130/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:38130/test1

1967: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:50941/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:50941/test1

1968: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:42177/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:42177/test1

1969: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:45529/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:45529/test1

1970: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:3987/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:3987/test1

1971: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:18959/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:18959/test1

1972: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:4965/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:4965/test1

1973: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:60217/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:60217/test1

1974: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:64222/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:64222/test1

1975: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:64929/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:64929/test1

1976: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:46969/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:46969/test1

1977: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:34580/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:34580/test1

1978: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:18299/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:18299/test1

1979: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:58830/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:58830/test1

1980: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:12612/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:12612/test1

1981: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:59549/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:59549/test1

1982: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:63024/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:63024/test1

1983: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:14079/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:14079/test1

1984: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:43679/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:43679/test1

1985: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:54679/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:54679/test1

1986: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:11271/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:11271/test1

1987: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:7325/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:7325/test1

1988: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:34007/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:34007/test1

1989: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:30352/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:30352/test1

1990: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:62754/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:62754/test1

1991: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:15619/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:15619/test1

1992: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:42434/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:42434/test1

1993: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:27013/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:27013/test1

1994: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:64881/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:64881/test1

1995: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:37924/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:37924/test1

1996: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:46847/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:46847/test1

1997: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:17628/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:17628/test1

1998: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:59755/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:59755/test1

1999: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:50734/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:50734/test1

2000: TESTING: ftp://www.google.com:2202/test1

valid port: Expected Valid  Result: Valid
invalid port: Expected Invalid  Result: Invalid
PASS ON BOTH SETTINGS for: ftp://www.google.com:2202/test1
